Prepare release v1.15.0 (#819)
uber-go/zap: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 1.15.0 (23 Apr 2020)

Bugfixes:
* [#804][]: Fix handling of `Time` values out of `UnixNano` range.
* [#812][]: Fix `IncreaseLevel` being reset after a call to `With`.  

Enhancements:

> * [#806][]: Add `WithCaller` method to allow disabling Logger's option to 
>   annotate each message with the filename and line number of zap's caller.

Reviewer: How about,

```suggestion
* [#806][]: Add `WithCaller` option to supersede the `AddCaller` option. This
  allows disabling annotation of log entries with caller information if
  previously enabled with `AddCaller`.
```
